## API-RESPONSE 

[
    {
        "id": "569bfcdc-fad1-4563-ae57-8585831db596",
        "type": "Full Time",
        "url": "https://jobs.github.com/positions/569bfcdc-fad1-4563-ae57-8585831db596",
        "created_at": "Sun Sep 06 14:30:27 UTC 2020",
        "company": "Hotel Trades Council, AFL-CIO",
        "company_url": "http://www.hotelworkers.org",
        "location": "New York, NY",
        "title": "Web Developer",
        "description": "<p>The New York Hotel Trades Council, AFL-CIO, a labor union that represents nearly 40,000 workers in the hotel, gaming, and racing industries in the New York City area, seeks an experienced web developer.</p>\n<p>This COVID crisis has shown us the immense value to our Union of developing a more expansive and sophisticated website. Since March, the number of viewers to our site has increased seven-fold (to as many as 20,000 per day and more) and we are investing our resources accordingly. In fact, we have so many concrete ideas to put the site to new innovative uses, that our one full-time Web Developer has much more work to do than he can possibly handle. Among the new uses we are developing are:</p>\n<p>Conducting secret ballot ratification votes online;\nProviding multi-lingual content to an incredibly diverse membership (the current site supports English, Spanish and Chinese content);\nMobilizing rank-and-file political action in a private individually personalized Member Section;\nProviding non-union workers with a confidential communication channel with the union and interactive pages allowing them to compare their wages, benefits and working conditions to those enjoyed by unionized workers; and\nMany other applications.</p>\n<p>Our Union constantly seeks new ways to increase our effectiveness through smart use of technology and we are looking for a creative developer to help conceive of, design and implement tools to support the Union in our mission.</p>\n<p>This position offers the prospect of a great career and, as we are a labor union, an excellent benefit package.</p>\n<p>The team currently works remotely from home due to the COVID situation. When things return to normal, we intend to be flexible about remote work, and will consider skilled applicants who don’t live in the New York area.</p>\n<p>Starting salary: $70,000 to $85,000</p>\n<p>Benefits include: Medical, Dental, Optical, and Prescription Drugs with family coverage (including domestic partners); Pension, Pre-paid Legal, Flexible Spending Accounts, Life Cycle Benefits, Long-Term Care Insurance, and other benefits.</p>\n<p>Requirements:\nAt least 3 years developing websites using an MVC framework (with preference given to specific knowledge of Laravel PHP framework).\nStrong UI/UX design skills\nStrong javascript skills</p>\n<p>Other useful experience/qualifications:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Advanced experience managing SQL databases</li>\n<li>Linux server administration</li>\n<li>Networking skills</li>\n<li>Python</li>\n</ul>\n",
        "how_to_apply": "<p>Please submit a resume, three references and a cover letter to <a href=\"mailto:careers@nyhtc.org\">careers@nyhtc.org</a> with the subject line “Web Developer.”  The cover letter should be clear and concise and explain the specific reasons for your interest in the position, and specify (with appropriate explanation) which of each of the listed qualifications you possess and which ones you do not possess.</p>\n<p>The New York Hotel Trades Council, AFL-CIO, is an equal opportunity employer.  All persons regardless of age, race, ethnicity, gender, religious affiliation and sexual orientation are encouraged to apply.</p>\n",
        "company_logo": "https://jobs.github.com/rails/active_storage/blobs/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkJBaHBBbE9KIiwiZXhwIjpudWxsLCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19--a30d608a910769a14438f7e0d7f3a673ca961499/HTC%20logo.jpg"
    },
    {
        "id": "04206897-960f-466f-b80f-f2bf88c4f472",
        "type": "Full Time",
        "url": "https://jobs.github.com/positions/04206897-960f-466f-b80f-f2bf88c4f472",
        "created_at": "Thu Sep 03 00:53:36 UTC 2020",
        "company": "Hotel Trades Council, AFL-CIO",
        "company_url": "http://www.hotelworkers.org",
        "location": "New York",
        "title": "FileMaker Pro Developer",
        "description": "<p>The New York Hotel Trades Council, AFL-CIO, a large New York City labor union, seeks a highly experienced FileMaker Pro Developer to work in its FileMaker Development Department.</p>\n<p>Our integrated FileMaker system, consisting of over 100 files and thousands of related tables is extremely advanced and ambitious. We use it to manage many aspects of our operation. Furthermore, we are constantly multiplying the innovative ways in which we use it. For that reason, we have made a long-term investment (for over 20 years) in maintaining a permanent in-house FileMaker team, which we want to expand.</p>\n<p>Therefore, this position offers the prospect of a career and, as we are a labor union, an excellent benefit package.</p>\n<p>The team currently works remotely from home due to the COVID situation. When things return to normal, we intend to be flexible about remote work, and will consider skilled applicants who don’t live in the New York area.</p>\n<p>Starting salary: $75,000 to $90,000\nBenefits include: Medical, Dental, Optical, and Prescription Drugs with family coverage (including domestic partners); Pension, Pre-paid Legal, Flexible Spending Accounts, Life Cycle Benefits, Long-Term Care Insurance, and other benefits.</p>\n<p>Requirements:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>At least 5 years building and maintaining business applications using the FileMaker platform</li>\n<li>Advanced command of scripting, layout design, custom functions, privilege sets and relationship graph organization</li>\n<li>Command of the Mac OS X environment</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Other useful experience/qualifications:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Working with web services in FileMaker (JSON/XML)</li>\n<li>UI/UX design</li>\n<li>AppleScript</li>\n<li>Networking skills</li>\n<li>Python</li>\n<li>JavaScript</li>\n</ul>\n",
        "how_to_apply": "<p>Please submit a resume, three references and a cover letter to <a href=\"mailto:careers@nyhtc.org\">careers@nyhtc.org</a> with the subject line “FileMaker Pro Developer.” The cover letter should be clear and concise and explain the specific reasons for your interest in the position, and specify (with appropriate explanation) which of each of the listed qualifications you possess and which ones you do not possess. The New York Hotel Trades Council, AFL-CIO, is an equal opportunity employer. All persons regardless of age</p>\n",
        "company_logo": null
    },
    {
        "id": "13b2df9b-837f-4b50-b009-b3fd6f8c08b4",
        "type": "Full Time",
        "url": "https://jobs.github.com/positions/13b2df9b-837f-4b50-b009-b3fd6f8c08b4",
        "created_at": "Wed Sep 02 14:47:57 UTC 2020",
        "company": "Novartis",
        "company_url": "http://www.novartis.com/careers",
        "location": "East Hanover, NJ",
        "title": "Head Knowledge Graph & Semantics",
        "description": "<p>2020 is an exciting year for Novartis as we have embraced a bold strategy to drive a company-wide digital transformation !</p>\n<p>Come and join us as our Head of Knowledge Graph &amp; Semantics for Novartis, to lead efforts in setting the right strategy and roadmap to organize Novartis data, make it easily accessible, and useful to authorized roles. This role will help drive the development and execution of Novartis’ ambition to turn data into a real strategic asset across the organization. This ambition is one of key pillars in the broader digital transformation happening at Novartis to be a ‘medicines and data science company.’ This data centric role will facilitate using data to digitize the biopharma value chain in finding right target, right tissue, right safety, right patients, and right commercial potential and to optimize Omni channel stakeholder experience and engagement.</p>\n<p>More specifically, the purpose of this role is to drive, in partnership Digital Data Science and AI teams, over 10+ business units, Technology partners (internal and external) adoption of consistent framework, processes, architecture and supporting tools for analytics needs. This role will help create high quality data assets to enable analytics using data across all bio pharma data domains and value chain; omics, compounds, diseases, patients, payers, providers, sites, trials, KOLs, HCPs, EMR, EHR, patient journeys, employees, contracts, vendors, products, etc.</p>\n<p>This role will directly report and work with the Head of Data Strategy in the Group Digital Office.</p>\n<p>What will you be responsible for as our Head of Knowledge Graph &amp; Semantics ?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Exercise clear and informed decision-making using process transparent to stakeholders for data related investment and creation of data assets for all units and functions. Bringing people together who should talk to each other. Keeping in touch with every data science and analytics stakeholder regularly. Facilitating meetings for the senior stakeholders &amp; teams (preparing, moderation and post processing). Holding retrospectives to refine approach.</li>\n<li>Escalation point for data related product and service owner &amp; working groups across master data management, data engineering with governance, and information modelling. Mediating the general conflict of goals between teams (technical quality) and product owner (more features).</li>\n<li>Champion and build awareness and value of Data Science Enablement capabilities. Assess Data Science Enablement maturity. Organizing exchange events like Open Spaces or World Cafés for the team, its stakeholders, and its organization.</li>\n<li>Drive organic adoption of the capabilities, helps conducts investment planning by utilizing common Data Science Enablement Capabilities. Sharing insights throughout the company (micro-blogging, blogging, internal conferences, etc.).</li>\n<li>Align appropriate BU capabilities to Enterprise-level efforts. Drive continuous feedback in product management and svc ownership</li>\n<li>Refine the Novartis reference Data Science Enablement model and keep it update. Develop service catalog in collaboration functions and ensure alignment of projects to avoid gaps or duplication of effort. Drive key projects (lighthouses) towards using common Data Science Enablement services.</li>\n<li>Drive strategy and implementation product and services to enable analytics</li>\n<li>Drive all data domain maturity and related data services to enable Visualization, Descriptive, Inquisitive, Predictive &amp; Cognitive Analytics and Robotics Automation.</li>\n<li>Define services to manage usage license, cataloging, search discovery, machine learning readiness, provenance, etc. Optimize data licensing across the Firm.</li>\n<li>In alignment with business needs, identify new strategic data sources and data-related collaboration opportunities. Assess value of internal and external data for acquisition/licensing and monetization (data as an asset). Coordinate and align external data engagements, initiatives, and standards.</li>\n<li>Evolve Novartis data transparency and data sharing strategy. Support BD&amp;L and M&amp;A from data perspective. Identify and leverage opportunities to replace primary data collection with secondary data.</li>\n<li>Develop strategy and engagement models for a patient-centric data future. Communicate Novartis data activities to the external health data ecosystem.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>EEO Statement :\nThe Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.</p>\n<p>What will you bring to the role ?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>10 + experience in data management and data strategy in industry</li>\n<li>Hands on experience with managing Data Science Enablement related activities across many of biopharma data domains e.g. omics, compounds, diseases, patients, payers, CROs, sites, trials, KOLs, HCPs, EMR, EHR, claims, patient journeys, employees, contracts, vendors, products, etc.</li>\n<li>Demonstrated leadership of use case based agile implementation of data strategy in cross-organizational and cross-functional teams.</li>\n<li>Proven track record in implementing a Data Science Enablement program from scratch in Pharma or other multinational, multi-business organizations</li>\n<li>General understanding of data driven commercial potential for differentiated value proposition verses future standard of care, focus on market access, drivers of regulatory compliant omnichannel engagement and experiences with patients, payer and provider. Understand personalized healthcare strategy, digital medicines, including diagnostic and biomarkers.</li>\n<li>Advance knowledge of data Visualization tools and techniques. Expertise in Descriptive, Inquisitive, and Predictive analytics. Working knowledge of Cognitive Analytics and Robotics Automation. Deep understanding if data science workflow and productivity issues related to data availability, quality and productionizing data science. Ability to code in R and/or Python.</li>\n<li>Data Distribution capability through APIs for Apps to Analysts to semantically search and find data assets without needing to understand exactly where it is physically stored and maintained.</li>\n<li>Semantically curated Data APIs to enable complex data API Mashups without user side code. Enable smart Applications, Portals, End Users, Business Intelligence, Analytics, Reports, Dashboards, OLTP, Compliance, B2B, Semantic Browsers, etc.</li>\n<li>Security and Access capability to prevent unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, inspection, recording or destruction of information</li>\n<li>Demonstrated strong skills in oral and written communication, project management</li>\n<li>Ability to build relationships, collaborate and influence across a matrix organization</li>\n<li>Attention to detail, results driven</li>\n</ul>\n<p>What you'll receive in return ?\nCompetitive salary, annual bonus, long term incentive for select levels, health insurance, paid vacation/holidays, potential flexible working arrangements, subsidized dining facilities, employee recognition scheme.</p>\n<p>Why consider Novartis?</p>\n<p>750 million. That is how many lives our products touch. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?</p>\n<p>We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.</p>\n<p>We are Novartis. Join us and help us reimagine medicine.</p>\n",
        "how_to_apply": "<p>For more information about this exciting opportunities, please contact <a href=\"mailto:loic_ricardo.ruffe@novartis.com\">loic_ricardo.ruffe@novartis.com</a> from our Americas Digital Talent Acquisition team.</p>\n",
        "company_logo": "https://jobs.github.com/rails/active_storage/blobs/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkJBaHBBaHVKIiwiZXhwIjpudWxsLCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19--00515cab020eb821136657835d3894ce70e752a7/brandsite-novartis-footer-logo.png"
    }
]